# Thursday 6-30-2016 Pahlka Posse Meeting Agenda

### Kickoff @ 12:00

 * 12:05-12:10:  Introductions
   *  If we have new members: Name/Module/Why Pahlka
   *  If not: How did your last mod end/How are you feeling about new mod?

 * 12:10-12:20:  Review: proposed meeting schedule/structure for module
    * Schedule
        *  Mon after wrap up: Student Support (Tommasina will lead coordination)
        *  Thurs lunch: alternate work/social (Sonia to lead social)
        *  Friday afternoons: worktime (Project leads coordinate (pending decision on second project: Kerry, Ryan, Sonia, Thom)
        *  Discuss: 2 scheduled Sat or Sun sessions, each member attends 1?
    * Discuss availabilty of each member

 * 12:20-12:40:  Discuss: goals for Neighborhome for  module

     * What can/should we accomplish this module on Neighborhome
     * What will it take to accomplish those goals (time, resources, other)
     * What is a reasonable timeframe for each goal?

* 12:40-12:55: Discuss: pros/cons of taking on an additional project?  Can we mitigate the cons; how?

    * Why we proposed the possibility of a second project
    * Decide: Go/no-go on additional project

* 12:55-1:00:  Next steps
